It's probably absolutely possible,
We, Dongsheng, are currently meeting in Beijiang’s life,
So you must be fake,
divide with them,
At that time, you came to me and asked me to show you the details. Go and grab it!
Hey, it’s nothing more than this, I can’t practice.
Guidance is even worse. Throughout China,
Anyone who dares to show up to the three of us is seeking death.
1. Went to Shenmao Song Village,
He still doesn't kneel down, he's not one of those who perished in the East.
If you don’t believe it, you have to kneel down and let yourself die.
If you were not born in China, you would be protected by gods.
In the territory of China, you have to confront the gods,
He is closed
This time he has been punished by our gods
Mixed in the teahouse
I feel that death is the commander of the army who has been turned around by the gods
How could it be possible?
The army awakens a little ability
Just look around and learn
Give our Lord a chance to give the United Rescue Alliance a chance
How dare you kiss our country, China?
But killing is definitely the case
You actually infected an outsider to make seeds
Such a state of mind that one is in charge
Even if you die ten thousand times, it won’t be enough
How could the God King beat our Winter King with any shot?
You three send a message
Our winter king is a mountain
Then your Winter King's divine power can replace this
Still guarding the speculation of Lei Tian or Fang Huayu?
You can be him
That's right, he's also a person with a military spirit who leads a boat.
Master's divine power is much stronger than that Winter Melon King
Ten million, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred
One hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred
One hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred One hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred One hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred, one hundred